BXMSPROD-913 README updated (#13)
kiegroup/github-action-build-chain: README.md

        build-command: 'mvn whatever goals'
        build-command-upstream: 'mvn whatever goals'
        workflow-file-name: "whatever_flow.yml"
```
**Project D**
```
name: Build Chain

on: [pull_request]

jobs:
  build-chain-openjdk8:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Pull Request openjdk8
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
    - name: Build Chain
      id: build-chain
      uses: kiegroup/github-action-build-chain@openjdk8
      with:
        parent-dependencies: 'projectA,projectB'
        child-dependencies: 'projectE'
        build-command: 'mvn whatever goals'
        build-command-upstream: 'mvn whatever goals'
        workflow-file-name: "whatever_flow.yml"
```
**Project E**
```
name: Build Chain

on: [pull_request]

jobs:
  build-chain-openjdk8:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Pull Request openjdk8
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
    - name: Build Chain
      id: build-chain
      uses: kiegroup/github-action-build-chain@openjdk8
      with:
        parent-dependencies: 'projectD'
        build-command: 'mvn whatever goals'
        build-command-upstream: 'mvn whatever goals'
        workflow-file-name: "whatever_flow.yml"
```

## Docker build

> You can build the `github-action-build-chain` image on your just executing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build the `github-action-build-chain` image locally with just executing docker command:
```

### Unit testing

- **TEST_GITHUB_TOKEN** env variable is needed.

### Integration testing

In order to execute integration testing you just run `env GITHUB_TOKEN=%TOKEN% URL=%GITHUB_EVENT_URL% ['parent-dependencies=%PARENT_DEPENDENCIES%'] ['child-dependencies=%CHILD_DEPENDENCIES%'] yarn it` where:

- %TOKEN%: is your personal token, like `1e2ca1ac1252121d83fbe69ab3c4dd92bcb1ae32`.
- %GITHUB_EVENT_URL%: the url to your event to test, like `https://github.com/kiegroup/lienzo-core/pull/3`.
- %PARENT_DEPENDENCIES%: the OPTIONAL comma separated parent project list.

> - %CHILD_DEPENDENCIES%: the OPTIONAL comma separated child project list.

Reviewer: I would format the code for TOKEN etc too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `%CHILD_DEPENDENCIES%`: the **optional** comma separated child project list.
```

> So the final command would look like `env GITHUB_TOKEN=3e6ce1ac1772121d83fbe69ab3c4dd92dad1ae40 URL=https://github.com/kiegroup/lienzo-core/pull/3 'parent-dependencies=lienzo-core,lienzo-tests' 'child-dependencies=appformer' yarn it`.

Reviewer: from my POV this should be better to read on split line like 
```suggestion
So the final command would look like 
`env GITHUB_TOKEN=3e6ce1ac1772121d83fbe69ab3c4dd92dad1ae40 URL=https://github.com/kiegroup/lienzo-core/pull/3 'parent-dependencies=lienzo-core,lienzo-tests' 'child-dependencies=appformer' yarn it`.
```

## Github limitations

### matrix in uses

It's not possible to use matrix variables in `uses` like this:

```
jobs:
  build-chain-jdk:
    strategy:
      matrix:
        buid-chain-system: [openjdk8, openjdk11]
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest  
    name: Pull Request  
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - name: Build Chain
        id: build-chain
        uses: kiegroup/github-action-build-chain@${{ matrix.buid-chain-system }}
        with:
          ...
          ...
```

> instead you have to duplicate jobs for different environments, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead you have to duplicate job defintion for different environments, like:
```

```
jobs:
  build-chain-openjdk8:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Build Pull Request openjdk8
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
    - name: Build Chain
      id: build-chain
      uses: kiegroup/github-action-build-chain@openjdk8
      with:
        ...
        ...
  build-chain-openjdk11:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Build Pull Request openjdk11
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
    - name: Build Chain
      id: build-chain
      uses: kiegroup/github-action-build-chain@openjdk11
      with:
        ...
        ...  
```

### workflow-file-name

> You are probably wondering why the input field `workflow-file-name` even exists. Why don't we take the filename directly from the job and keep the same name for all the flow files in the chain?. Well... we can in case the `name` is not defined in the flow, then the file name information can be taken from `GITHUB_WORKFLOW` environment variable but in case the name is set, `GITHUB_WORKFLOW` becomes the name and there's no other way to get filename from the tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are probably wondering why the input field `workflow-file-name` even exists. Why don't we take the filename directly from the job and keep the same name for all the flow files in the chain?. Well, we can in case the `name` is not defined in the flow, then the file name information can be taken from `GITHUB_WORKFLOW` environment variable but in case the name is set, `GITHUB_WORKFLOW` becomes the name and there's no other way to get filename from the tool.
```
